Add RUM accessibility attributes to iOS and Android data collected pages (#37887)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/sdk/data_collected/android.mdoc.md

| `view.time_spent`                             | number (ns) | Time spent on this view.                                    |
| `view.url`                     | string | Canonical name of the class corresponding to the event.                                                           |

### View accessibility attributes

Accessibility attribute collection is disabled by default. To enable it, call `collectAccessibility(true)` on your `RumConfiguration.Builder`:

```kotlin
val rumConfig = RumConfiguration.Builder("<APPLICATION_ID>")
    .collectAccessibility(true)
    .build()
```

The following attributes are collected for each view after collection is enabled. Attributes not supported on the platform are omitted from the event.

| Attribute | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|

> | `view.accessibility.text_size` | number | The user's preferred text size as a scale factor relative to the default size (`1.0` is default, greater than `1.0` is larger). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `view.accessibility.text_size` | number | The user's preferred text size as a scale factor relative to the default (`1.0`). Values above `1.0` increase text size; values below `1.0` decrease it. |
```
